[Update] README.md (#195)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Hey! 👋 Thanks for checking out. If you would like to contribute in this repository, do not hesitate! Pull requests are always welcome to us at any hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hey! 👋 Thanks for checking out. If you would like to contribute to this repository, do not hesitate! Pull requests are always welcome at any hour.
```

> > **Note** : Contributions to this repository are generally done through submitting a pull request.
> If you are comparatively new to GitHub or aren't familiar how to submit a pull request, enlighten yourself a bit by checking [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests)
> or you can also ask anyone from the active [contributors](https://github.com/NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki/graphs/contributors) to submit your contributions on behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** : Contributions to this repository are generally made by submitting a pull request.
If you are comparatively new to GitHub or aren't familiar with how to submit a pull request, enlighten yourself a bit by checking [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests)
or you can also ask anyone from the active [contributors](https://github.com/NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki/graphs/contributors) to submit your contributions on your behalf.
```

## Guidelines
General guidelines to keep in mind when contributing :
- All file names must be in "[lowerCamelCase](https://wiki.c2.com/?LowerCamelCase)" format (i.e `fileName.md`).
- Avoid using spaces or any special characters (e.g `$`) in file names.
- Do not make duplicates or useless pull requests.
- Do not make troll or NSFW pull requests.
- Fact-check/verify information included in the pull request.
- Make sure to follow [Proper Wiki Structure](#proper-wiki-structure).

## FAQs
Some of the frequently asked questions from users -

> 1. My pull request has been merged but isn't shown on the wiki page. Why?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. My pull request has been merged but it isn't showing up on the wiki page. Why?
```

>    Once a pull request is merged successfully, the changes can been seen in [Nightly Wiki](https://nilpointer-software.github.io/bdfd-wiki/nightly) after 2-3 minutes. In the case of [Main Wiki](https://nilpointer-software.github.io/bdfd-wiki), it will take some weeks since the contributed markdown files is deployed by a Developer only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once a pull request is merged successfully, the changes can be seen in [Nightly Wiki](https://nilpointer-software.github.io/bdfd-wiki/nightly) after 2-3 minutes. In the case of [Main Wiki](https://nilpointer-software.github.io/bdfd-wiki), it will take some weeks since the contributed markdown files are deployed by a Developer only.
```

Reviewer 2: Well, i am sure that i wrote `be` tho but don't know how it became `been`. Anyways, thanks for spotting!

> 2. Do i get any perks for contributing?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Do I get any perks for contributing?
```

>    Although, you may not be credited for making of the wiki. However, if applicable the Developers reserve the right to give perks/accreditation to users for contributing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You are credited for your contributions to the wiki here on GitHub, by being shown as a contributor.
   However, if applicable the Developers reserve the right to give perks/accreditation to users for contributing.
```
